What's going on?
Lin Shangxia
All stalls in the ancient city of Xiong that were annexed in one day
And there is a consumer name.
Tonight's mercenary leader, Mr. Ji
And the secret arrival in Ono Province
At the meeting with Qiangsheng Group
Mercenary leader Mr. Ji
The infamous warmonger
Yes!
He used to single-handedly provoke disputes between the five countries
And made a fortune in the war
And he wanted to spread the war to China
He will never cooperate with Lin Shengqiang
Don't let them succeed
Immediately power up all ministries and stop all vacations
The first-level border preparation was initiated in the southern trial
Notify me immediately if there is any trouble, Li Bai
Mom
I have something to deal with at work first
What's wrong?
Nothing, leave it alone.
Peace of mind to eat for mom?
Oh, Xiaoyun, my mother has something to tell you.
Mom is getting old
I want grandchildren
Can you help mom fulfill this wish?
Mom blames us for being too busy some time ago.
This marriage has been delayed
Don't worry, we'll be done next month.
I'll be sure to get the certificate back for you.
Mom, wait and get busy.
OK
Pay attention to your body
That's Lin Shengqiang, what's the big move?